Lose money with friends!
Gifted a 20k check, would love advice.
Company ISO valued at 1.5 cents per, what needs to realistically happen to actually IPO?
If You Have $130,000 In Savings Account What Would You Do?
What HSA Investments To Choose
Silly but fun question: would you rather receive $1 tomorrow, $2 two days from now, $365 in a year, etc.
What Funds to Invest in with Employer 403b?
Are there better options than a HYSA for semi-liquid savings?
Can my wife do a backdoor Roth even if I have a simple IRA plan 
Holding BOTH VT & VTI/VXUS approach , Thoughts??
Beware the investment activity that produces applause; the great moves are usually greeted by yawns...
Zimmer Biomet Share Price Drop
Leaving my financial advisor and investing myself
Thoughts on early retirement portfolio 
Parents inherited 100k, paid off all but house and have 50k left. What's best for them? 
BODI Pivots Towards Profitability!
100k cash. Mortgage recast, or other investment?
Thinking of buying WTI Crude Oil.
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 08, 2024
Sold Nvidia and other single stocks and put it all in VT
Are there any ETF's that track the market with little exposure to A.I.?
Seeking Alpha Alternatives
Investing in a private equity - should I do it?
Possible to transfer cash from custodial UTMA to custodial Roth IRA with Schwab?
£15k - DCA or invest in one hit?
Is there any reason to buy bonds instead of contributing to a  HYSA?
Is it worth correcting overlap in investments?
Do you get the urge to gamble (with stocks) and how you deal with it. 
What has fueled the stock market growth since covid?

How To Get Tax Write Off for Stock Worth $0.00?
Investing in euros from US
Wynn Resorts Receives First Commercial Gaming License in UAE
If you plan to sell an investment by X date, why not sell a Covered Call in the meantime?
Whats a smart amount to have in ETFs before chasing individual stocks
How do I see future performance in a chart after adjusting for rollover cost?
Advisor requested verification from employer that you aren't privy to non-public insider info and are allowed to execute this trade
Investing in Indian market while hedging using USD/INR future contracts. What can go wrong?
Access to RBC Analysts reports
Brokerage with hardware based two factor authentication 
Tickers and GICS data for MSCI World stocks
To sell or not sell long positions. Why or why not? 
FXAIX (500 index fund) misses Index Perfomance by .31% on 10/4/24
How much of my savings should I invest 
What is going on with all the advertisements where companies beg for investments?
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 07, 2024
Investing in real estate in Europe ?
How Do I Buy Treauries from Treasury Direct?
Can I ‘sell’ an ETF in my Vanguard Roth IRA and use the funds to buy an admiral fund?
Which Banks Offer the Highest CD Rates? 
Canadian taxes when selling work shares
I wanna ask a question about options
Use a tiered % of AUM advisor?
Activist investor Starboard Value takes $1 billion stake in Pfizer, WSJ reports
saving for child’s college/future
Should I Move Money from My Savings Account to a Taxable Brokerage Account?
Anyone familiar with Gallo Group Financial advisors of Merrill Lynch?
How to Add Finance Ticker to Taskbar for Windows 10?
VOO vs VGT vs Individual defence stocks
When to sell predominantly bond mutual fund?
Does a 529 Plan make sense for grad student in early 30's?
YREFY as an alternative fixed rate income investment?
Is now the time for $BABA
EquityBee experiences, anyone deal with post exist proceeds?
Maximize long term gains vs early payoffs on loans
Which account do you like to invest in first? 
Is a Financial Advisor Necessary?
[Need advice] I think my partner is being scammed
Buy, Borrow, Die Method, but how do you pay it back?
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 06, 2024
Reasonable leverage strategy 
Is real estate investment not common in this sub?
Best account to start for your children and why? 
VXUS vs SPDW & VTI vs SPTM
Fidelity Go vs JPMorgan Personal Advisors?
Anyone use Finmasters StockChoker?
American Funds generally exclude Nvidia. So disappointing.
Hedge with inverse leveraged ETF or buy puts?
Taking out Roth contribution (tax free) process. Is it just sell the stock/fund and move to bank?
Is money management underrated?
When does vanguard targeted date pay out?
How to maximize new compensation
An ETF for "The Next Eleven" emerging markets?
Robo advisor like software
Bonds for retirements if you intend to live off devidends
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 05, 2024
Is a Roth IRA Better than a Brokerage Account or Self-Investing?
Benefits of regular vs IRA accounts
The TBIL ETF is structured to be price stable, right?
What is considered a risky investment?
Dividend Irrelevance Theory
Just learning about investing and i've got a question about options, puts specifically.
Risk Adjusted Returns - Restaurants 
What to do with 100k inheritance 
What options should I research
Is there any advantage to opening a brokerage account if I already have a 401K and Roth IRA?
Is anyone else investing with Roots or have you invested in the past?
Iceland: No ETFs or ADRs, What Now?
Proxy annuities - pros, cons and alternatives 
Florida construction companies
Company stock given to employees as vesting can be sold to outsiders?
Estimating value of stock
Stocks - Investing and trading for all
Bloomberg: US Says It’s Weighing Google Breakup as Monopoly Case Remedy
Winding down my first year of trading. is 10% ROI good for IRA and regular brokerage acct?
Is Netflix really worth more than Disney, Warner Bros Discovery, and Paramount COMBINED? 
Smaller Companies With Long Term Potential?
What keeps you motivated?
What is your favorite way to gain exposure to options / higher leveraged funds?
Roblox: Inflated Key Metrics For Wall Street And A Pedophile Hellscape For Kids
Trading Around a Core Position
Question about long-term and short-term sales
Hong Kong’s Hang Seng closes 9% Lower as Chinese Markets Lose Momentum


How to access historical data for NASDAQ stocks from 2019, including Volume, VWAP, EMAs, SMAs, and Level 2?
r/Stocks Daily Discussion & Technicals Tuesday - Oct 08, 2024
Wells Fargo downgrades Amazon on slowing growth expectations & Walmart competition
Which brokerages are not unreasonably holding onto deposits before allowing to withdraw (also those that are)?
What stocks are going to be the big movers depending on the three possible outcomes of the US election?
Samsung posts worse-than-expected guidance for third quarter
Why dont stock charts show true returns (with dividends?)
What has fueled the stock market growth since covid?

The next group of wonderful distributor stocks (BECN amongst others)
US judge orders Google to open up app store to competition
Super Micro soars after company says it's shipping over 100,000 AI GPUs per quarter
Colgate/palmolive CL stock thoughts
Investing in Indian market while hedging using USD/INR future contracts. What can go wrong?
Shell Plc - What are your thoughts?
Tesla Day Trader Loses Entire $306M Fortune, Sues Canadian Bank For 'Misleading' Financial Advice
Robotaxis are here and the public is divided. Alphabet owned Waymo is the leader in the space. Tesla’s upcoming robotaxi launch.
SGOV for storing cash 
So assuming I am trying to grow the number of stock I have, if I sell at a profit, would the stock have to drop ~20% to 'buy back in' ?
r/Stocks Daily Discussion Monday - Oct 07, 2024
Activist investor Starboard Value takes $1 billion stake in Pfizer (Reuters)
CPRT and RB and the hurricanes
Defense stocks: What happens if the major ongoing conflicts ended?
Lowest Fed rate for 2025
Google’s Grip on Search Slips as TikTok and AI Startup Mount Challenge
Defense stocks?
Best Ratios and Metrics for Analyzing Small-Cap Stocks
Opinions on Autodesk? (ADSK)
How influential/important is after hours stock trading?
An ETF for "The Next Eleven" emerging markets?
r/Stocks Weekly Thread on Meme Stocks Saturday - Oct 05, 2024
Whats your take on RDDT?
/r/Stocks Weekend Discussion Saturday - Oct 05, 2024
Spirit Airlines shares plunge 30% on report of potential bankruptcy filing
Investing in SPXL vs SPY
Why does the value of my stocks fluctuate after hours (not due to after hours trades)
Is it Time to Sell DOCN? A Perspective from a Fan
Which stock is hidding in plain sight?
Thoughts on AXP
Mortgage rates spike after stronger-than-expected jobs report
Meta, challenging OpenAI, announces new AI model that can generate video with sound
Due to the potential of AI, by 2035 which industry do you think could be most affected?
Lockheed martin stocks
Ubisoft shares skyrocket 33% after report Tencent, Guillemot family considering buyout
Why does IBM get no love ? Follow Up.
Nonfarm payrolls roar back in September, unemployment rate slips to 4.1%
How does this happen? Duolingo vs Strava
Rivian Releases Q3 Production and Delivery Figures, Updates 2024 Annual Production Outlook and Sets Date for Third Quarter 2024 Results
Meituan co-founder cashes out US$44.3 million amid Chinese stock rally
European Union votes to impose tariffs on Chinese electric vehicles
r/Stocks Daily Discussion & Fundamentals Friday Oct 04, 2024
What's happens to BKR.B when Warren Buffet dies? 
June 2026 - where will NVDA be?
Ideas for profiting on the decline of the American education and rise of social media brain rot?
[Purchase Cost - (Dividends + Sales of Same Stock) ] / Shares = ?
Ubisoft long-term outlook
Thoughts on Dollar Tree stock since it is at a 1 and 5 yr low
Lockheed Martin Raises Quarterly Dividend by 4.8%, Boosts Buyback Program
Should I buy ATEC, UMC or INTC?
PSA: Lam Research Forward Split 10:1 effective today (Oct 3rd)
What is your biggest one-company holding? 
r/Stocks Daily Discussion & Options Trading Thursday - Oct 03, 2024
What exactly is happening with Humana and should I be interested in investing
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang: “Demand for Blackwell is Insane”
Levi Slumps After Paring Back Its Full-Year Sales Outlook
Daily, huge buy order at close
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR), undervalued
Politics aside, could Ubisoft be a good buy now?
Is there a stock you own that caught you by surprise with its returns?
How do you avoid the surprise of some report coming out tomorrow you weren't aware of?
You have $20k you can't withdraw for 30 years, what are you buying and why?
Hedge Funds are dumping energy stocks at the fastest pace since June 2022 according to Goldman Sachs
Edgescale and Palantir
What’s going on with Novo Nordisk (NVO)?
Chinese government stimulates housing industry, deregulates mortgages, and lowers sales tax, causing bullish stock market
Tesla stock slips after it reports 462,890 total deliveries during the third quarter
Private payrolls show better-than-expected growth of 143,000 in September, ADP says
r/Stocks Daily Discussion Wednesday - Oct 02, 2024
Why ExxonMobil, Conoco Phillips, and Lockheed Martin Rallied on a Down Day for the Markets
Is CELH a BUY?!
Nike postpones investor day, posts mixed quarterly results as it gears up for CEO change
Challenge to find stocks matching 13 attributes of Peter Lynch
PepsiCo to buy tortilla chip maker Siete Foods for $1.2 billion
The Crash of the stock market has arrived. Price/Earnings ratio just broke 30 for the entire S&P 500. 
DCA or not DCA in individual stocks?
Am I missing something? (S&P 500)
Charles Schwab CEO Walt Bettinger to retire at end of 2024 
Investing 10k INR(120USD): SIP's v/s Equity
r/Stocks Daily Discussion & Technicals Tuesday - Oct 01, 2024
MSFT or AAPL
How accurate is Robinhood 24hr trading to premarket open?

r/StockMarket - Reddit's Front Page of the Stock Market
I switched from Schwab brokerage to Fidelity brokerage today . . . 
Need advice on these picks
Estee Lauder: Buyable after is 70% decline?
I am 18 How should i start investing.
Forgive my ignorance, but what does each colored bar represent?
Is this good news for varta ag
U.S. Steel Mon Valley investment to create 5,000 jobs
These are the stocks on my watchlist (10/8)  
How am I doing? Honest opinion. 
Need advice: $500 to invest
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 08, 2024
Getting Bad Vibes from Google.
Can send one tell me the difference between utilization and short interest?
SMCI Stock Valuation Insight – Huge Potential Upside? 🚀
$HUM Humana 
What changes would you make? I 28 and contribute monthly
Is Hims going to get Destroyed by Amazon? 
Celsius Stock Down 47%. Was it Overvalued then or Undervalued now? Or Both?
Activist Starboard Value has $1 billion Pfizer stake, taps former executives for help, sources say
Google’s Grip on Search Slips as TikTok and AI Startup Mount Challenge
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 07, 2024
Hurricane Milton play 🌀
MacD question 
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 06, 2024
Is Palantir the Next Big Tech Stock or Overvalued Hype?
Latest Job report cancelled Recession - how to adjust?
Investing in a company with this stats
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 05, 2024
Guys here's A funny meme of China Stocks vs US stocks by Adam Khoo
Guys I Don't why Everybody is Obessed with the Chinese Markets 
$SAVA short?
Diversifying Chinese stock investments = Good decision (So far)
What happened
HIMS set to join S&P 500 💰
China.  Laggards?
Nvidia’s class action lawsuit - still waiting for the outcome so I can buy the dip, the whole thing seems sus to me. Anybody else agree?
How is the bid higher than the ask?
Historical Information on Cross-Listing
Thoughts on Siemens Energy
These are the stocks on my watchlist (10/4)
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 04, 2024
My simulator trades are amazing, but my trades irl are terrible
Port Strike ended
Been investing since I was 18 advice to tweak my portfolio first three pictures are my brokerage account last 2 are my Roth IRA
Is this good?
With a massive 98% bullish sentiment surrounding Alibaba (BABA) and strong financials backing it up, is now the perfect time to invest or should I keep my money safe in the piggy bank for now 👀??
LRCX restricted from wells trade?
These are the stocks on my watchlist (10/3)
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 03, 2024
Costco adds platinum bars to its precious metals lineup
What is the difference between position and Tax lot values? I notice the amounts are different.
Best long term Indian ETF? 
Stocktrak game advice 
Tesla stock slips after it reports 462,890 total deliveries during the third quarter
These are the stocks on my watchlist (10/2)
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 02, 2024
What the heck is going on in china? 
Apple may release an iPad-like smart home display next year
The stock market's astonishing returns
These are the stocks on my watchlist (10/1)
This page gave me some crazy revelations. (probably too late to the party)
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - October 01, 2024
Rate My Portfolio - r/StockMarket Quarterly Thread October 2024
China up today best day since 2008, copying USA?
Longshoremen Strike and the markets? 
Anyone know how to find if these are worth anything? We found stacks of them. 
What will happen to RMB as the Chinese QE continues? Will Chinese GDP continue to grow at the same rate? 
JPMorgan Chase is prepared to sue the U.S. government over Zelle scams
Can someone explain what happened in China? 
These are the stocks on my watchlist (9/30)
DirecTV and Dish to Merge to Create Largest US Pay-TV Provider
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - September 30, 2024
Yay Weekend ! Said No Trader Ever ! ;)
China turning on the money printers
Rate my new ROTH IRA Distribution 
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - September 29, 2024
Warren Buffet can learn from me
Alibaba 
Recent Research Shows AI Stocks Outperforming Market Indices
Bulls in 2025 
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - September 28, 2024
Disney+ password-sharing crackdown has begun ‘in earnest,’ but you can add an extra member to your account for a price
Trump Media shareholder UAV dumped nearly 11 million shares
New to this what do these numbers mean
Other space stocks are skyrocketing but not ASTS. What is happening?
These are the stocks on my watchlist (9/27)
Data: 9/27/2024
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - September 27, 2024
Super Micro Computer 
Average returns in the 12 months after first rate cut
What's going on? 
Update
These are the stocks on my watchlist (9/26)
Doing good?
How to Minimize Loss on DJT Positon
Daily General Discussion and Advice Thread - September 26, 2024
Lufthansa Stock Buy or Sell?
Boeing losing '$100 million to $150 million a day' as union strike rolls on
Schwab again I having problems.  Does not effect my ability to trade, but continues to make me wonder if I should continue with them.  This has been all day for me.
I feel sick
wallstreetbets
Cerebras likely to postpone IPO due to CFIUS review delay on G42 deal, sources say
What Would Take to Rattle The Market.
Gains for Nana
Puts on Porsche
GoPro stock very attractive
This is what winning looks like 
When is it time to throw in the towell?
Chinese stocks still going down. So…
The Casino
DJT is pumping.  Up 18% yesterday.  Someone is buying the crap out of this crap.  Time to YOLO.  
Easy Week
Did not a single regard here make bank off YINN puts today? Was expecting at least one post, but couldn't find one
India's Addition to FTSE Russell Emerging Market Bond Index Boosts Sentiment
Boeing union talks collapse again
Not a big money gain but nice %
Nice 
Hit 200k today. Also fuk u to everyone who called me regarded for buying Nvidia earnings. 65% return ytd shares no options. 
US Says It’s Weighing Google Breakup as Remedy in Monopoly Case
PLTR (+300%) 🚀🚀🚀
How tf did the government add 785,000 jobs within one month in the Household Survey
Robinhood #HOOD Yolo Position Progress
LEU - Nuclear Boogaloo
Bullish thesis for wmt, homedepot, insurance, and energy stock for this month.
Nvidia gain let go
Notion and Stripe trust this year-old startup to make sure their AI tools work
China Reopening Day
NVDA 140 breakout
Efficient Market Hypothesis vs Deep Dives
Monster Beverage Is An Underrated Compounder
Maybe now I can afford a phone charger 
x420 $140 NVDA 10/11 calls
Biotech trading or investing is hard, but what if you follow the smart money?
Gains (TY DADDY JENSEN)
Trouble at BAC?
NVDA bears being squeezed to death pucker-factor lvl10 NVDA all time highest weekly close ever
Not selling till lambo
Saw an ad for “new Robinhood features” in the app so I bought calls.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, October 09, 2024
In Jensen we trust- NVDA gains
How to Invest in Private Defense Tech Like Anduril?
Here’s a yolo for you degens 
How am I doing?
Xi Xing Ping Diddled me
Exactly how I feel😭
Thanks Vlad
Wtf is this
No worries, I always bounce back… right?😄 
Short 1200 NVDA shares
Is it time to board the Bitcoin hype train? What’s the current state of Bitcoin miners?
Thank you $BABA
GUH
Boeing
One of my biggest trades ever 
I grew up in the HOOD
MSFT deployed NVIDIA Blackwell chip 
Phase 3 Complete 🥳. The answer to the multi year Alzheimer’s mystery imminent for Cassava Sciences $SAVA.
$930k RDDT position - you're reading this on RDDT! You should be all in!!
HOOD CLASSIC
NIO Gang Gang
DON'T SELL China stocks, BUY the dip, here's why
$2,400,000 BABA and PYPL position current status
Roblox: Inflated Key Metrics For Wall Street And A Pedophile Hellscape For Kids
Short Seller Andrew Left Asks Judge to Dismiss SEC Fraud Case
Why is Warren Buffett hoarding such a huge cash pile? 
This is Silicon Valley Nepotism at its Finest as Humane Returns for Another Money Grab
Bought the dip part 4
What gives on MBS funds…
China announces special bond to support economy, no major stimulus
Daily Discussion Thread for October 08, 2024
Nobel Prize in Physics Is Awarded to 2 Scientists for Work on Machine Learning
Why I think Intel is a Misunderstood, Undervalued Play – A Bet on 18A (+EV DD)
Yay china? 
FTX's Bankruptcy Plan Gets Court Approval
Why is this market stuck for a month now??
Google to get into Nuclear Power 
Alright, time to see what will happen eventually. I'll update in 2 months. (No borrowing so if it does drop, then I won't be in debt)
Bought BA at 151.5
Nvidia's $21.9 Billion Profit Surge: Smashes Rivals, Reclaims $3.19 Trillion Valuation Amid AI Boom
Buy the dip!? No one has ever been eggrolled by 🇨🇳 stocks right?!
LAAC: The Potential for Lithium in Argentina and Why I Feel Bullish About This Company
Is Boeing hated enough to be a good buy?
Lost $17K .. but made it back on slots
Thanks NVDA!
China markets open sharply higher, extending stimulus rally after weeklong break
Hurricane Play
VST and CEG energy stocks
At 905mb & 180mph winds Milton is the 8th strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic. It's heading to Florida. How to trade it.
HIMS Development - BULLISH 
Please Xi me through China 🇨🇳
 PLTR $34 PUT 12/20/24 EXP 
skill or luck...
My Tesla We, Robot 10/10 event play. 
Inflection AI Enterprise offering ditches Nvidia GPUs for Intel's Gaudi 3
Which companies 2024 Q3 report are you looking forward to most?
EDV/TLT - Buy the dip in Longterm Treasury Funds
Visa's Profit Margins Soaring — Will Anti-Trust Stop This?
Long-time $AMD Holder (Cost Basis $19.04) Starting to Sell - Anyone Else Disappointed in the Stock in 2024?
Having a little fun with $clsk
It's about patience 
IMKTA Tanking
